hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
for another video and today we're doing
a what's in my bag for university video
because I have done one quite a while
ago and honestly things have changed
because I use a different bag now so I
thought it would be a good time for an
updated video now before we get into it
I did say this video is sponsored by 17
London and they have sent me this
backpack a few weeks ago and I gotta be
honest with you I was a bit suspicious
um because when they reached out to me
and they were like oh would you like to
have a free backpack and then I look to
their backpacks and they all looked
really really lovely um but they are
quite affordable they were like 35
pounds um and I was just like it's just
gonna be like a quality backpack um so
yeah I was a bit suspicious because
before I had this one I used a Konkin
which is about I think a hundred pounds
because I have one of these laptop
editions and that one wasn't even
waterproof and that was over 100 pounds
um so it's just like hmm it's gonna work
out but honestly I've been so pleasantly
surprised um
I absolutely love it and yes their
backpacks are waterproof which is
amazing and I have tested it because it
rains a lot in Cambridge and honestly I
wasn't expecting it to hold up but it
did and everything inside the backpack
stayed dry
and yeah you need that when you're
studying in the UK so yeah thank you so
much for sponsoring this video and thank
you guys so much for reaching out to me
literally the day that I decided I'm
gonna buy a new backpack which was just
insane luck so yeah thank you so much
for sponsoring this video and let's get
into it
so um make yourself the front pocket
here and I don't have anything in this
one because I just feel like it's really
unsafe Cambridge is a pretty safe city
but I'd still not put anything of value
in there because it's just so easy to
take out but I do have stuff in this
zipper and one thing I love about this
bag is how many dividers it has in the
different pockets so even in this very
very small pocket it has dividers they
are relatively small but I think they're
really great for you know little
product so I don't know if you guys can
see this but there are these dividers
here so I just use them to put my hand
cream and lip stuff in there so I can
easily reach it when I'm in class which
i think is really really useful because
you don't need to you know look for your
entire pocket so in no survivors I just
have my hand cream which is this one
it's I think some cherry blossom flavor
um I'm gonna put everything that I'm
sure you guys in the infobox below if I
can find it somewhere on the internet I
quite like this one
um but yeah I just you know use it
because somebody gave it to me as a gift
um so I'm using it up and then I have my
lipstick which I always bring even
though I never fill it up but yeah I
have this illusion that maybe you know
at some point I will remember to do that
but it usually doesn't happen but hey
but I do use this lip balm and I love
this this is amazing it is quite pricy
in my opinion but it is absolutely worth
it I have very dry lips and this helps
me a lot so I really really love it and
I would HIGHLY highly recommend this
thing I think it's absolutely worth the
money um I think it is like 5 or 10
pounds which is a lot for lip balm but
it lasts forever and it is just so great
so that's my absolute favorite thing and
yeah then just lose in the pocket I
always have a few pens just you know
take notes annotate my books um so
they're just always in there very
important some tissues because you never
know when you need them and then I have
this which is some promotional thing you
get these a lot when you're in uni at
careers events and things but they're
really useful because they just give you
posted um so when you do readings you
can just you know take these things out
and just use two post-its which is what
I do I'm so that's what I always have
one of these promotional things in there
and yeah then we have a lot more pens um
as always I'm a bit of a collector of
pens I guess so here we go and then we
have my hair tie
I don't know why but this specific pink
hair tie has traveled from backpack
backpack for me um so yeah that's me
hair tie I don't know if other people
have like a specific hair tie for each
bag I do I know it's kind of weird but
yeah that's that and that's pretty much
everything that's in there oh except for
this little mirror um we took super
fancy my mom got this for me for
Christmas
um but it's literally just you know a
compact mirror um so if I ever remember
to freshen up my lipstick I could use it
the only problem is I don't remember so
yeah and next we're gonna look at this
part right here and this is honestly one
of the biggest advantages of this
backpack this extra zipper pocket I
didn't really think I was going to use
it but then like I start using it I
looks I love it I love you know having
this extra pocket because you can put
some stuff that you need quick access to
in there and it's just so useful so I
put my card holder in there because it
contains my card or you know getting
access to but pretty much any building
in uni so this is really important and
they also contains my credit card and my
ID and stuff like that by the way if
you're in university I would highly
recommend getting a card holder I
absolutely love it and I basically never
bring my purse because you can just use
your pot holder so and then I also have
my airports in here um I bought these a
while ago but I quite like them but
honestly the noise cancelling is good
but if you're looking for you know
something have really cancels noise if
that's the main objective that I
wouldn't recommend getting airports I'll
recommend getting actual headphones
because I think they cancel more is much
better the reason I got airport was
because I think they're just more
portable and I'm somebody who wears um
you know bigger earrings quite a lot of
times and those can damage those big
headphones so that's why I wear my big
headphones at night to listen to my
sleep stories on comm because that's how
I fall asleep
um yeah but I do bring these with me
over
but definitely the noise-canceling is
good I'm not mad about it I quite like
them but if you're really looking for
good noise-canceling then I would
recommend going for actual headphones
but in general these are not bad I
definitely don't regret buying them it's
just you know it depends on what you're
looking for and then I also have my key
in here so that I can get back into my
room and it has this cute little
keychain which I stole for my mom and I
know she's gonna watch this video so hi
mom here's the keychain
no I'm not going to give it back and
then I also have this thing in here so
this is just you know a little pin
basically for your hair and you can just
put your hair in a bun and then you just
put it in and it's super super useful
like I really really like it because
unlike a ponytail when you take it out
it doesn't hurt on your head I don't
know if you guys know this problem I
like for me if I had a ponytail for few
hours it just really hurts when I take
it out so I quite not just using this
and I feel like it doesn't really change
the wave of my hair that makes sense
because we've curly hair you know if you
put it in a style sometimes the curls
kind of flatten out and then when you
take out the hair pins and everything it
looks really weird and I feel like with
these this problem is kind of avoided so
I really like them unfortunately I have
no idea where my mum got these these are
like 15 years old um so if you guys know
a store which sells these things I would
really appreciate it if you could share
it with me because I want some more um
so yeah that's everything that's in this
pocket this one doesn't have any
dividers but it is quite spacious so you
can get quite a lot of stuff in there
like it is quite a big pocket which is
great um and I really like it for just a
quick access of just putting my key and
stuff in there because when you don't
you know arrive at your door in the dorm
you can just quickly take it out and you
don't need to search you know within all
the other stuff in the lower pocket and
next we're gonna look at you know what's
actually inside the backpack I don't put
anything in these side ones um you can
definitely do that
I just don't because it rains a lot in
Cambridge so I don't really want
anything in there though I think
actually I could put my umbrella
into one of these sized fingers it
wouldn't really make much of a
difference because if it rains I take it
out anyway um so I could actually do
that but I normally put the inside here
so this is what the inside of the
backpack looks like so we're going to
look at this pond here first so I really
love that once again we have a loft
dividers in here which is great um so
the first one up here is once again is
it there and in there I just sleep my
plastic bag and I'm gonna explain to you
guys now why and this is really like my
number one tip if you live in a country
where it rains a lot bring a plastic bag
why because when it rains and your
umbrella gets wet and you know you need
to put it back into your bag don't put a
wet umbrella in your bag like just don't
and you don't want to carry this wet
thing with you the entire day so you
just take the umbrella and you put it in
a zip bag yeah
that's my one life hack it's the only
life hack I have to share on YouTube but
like when when I discovered this trick I
was really happy I have no idea how I
learned it but yeah bring is it bad kids
and yep then here we have another pocket
and in there I sometimes just put my
charger for my iPad I don't bring my
charger every day but on the really long
days where I've lectures from nine to
five and I take notes on my iPad in
every lecture I bring a charger just to
be safe
um I have never needed it my iPad
usually lasts pretty well but you know
better safe than sorry and then we get
to these pockets here so in here I keep
my adapter to which I need quick access
so this is my big adapter basically
because Apple had this amazing idea to
give us Mac books which only have a USB
C because they thought you know
everybody's just gonna abandon USB like
that ya know that really didn't happen
and at university we still use USBs so I
just always bring this adapter just you
know to be safe in case I need it and
then I have this other adapter which I
keep in this net pocket here
and this is Rena doctor I don't need a
lot but I do have it with me just in
case is some time some university rooms
don't have an adapter already and then
it's useful to have it this is an
adapter for the projectors so you always
need this if you have a Mac because ya
know max don't have this particular port
so you always need an adapter for Mac I
would highly recommend just getting one
you can get a cheaper one on just Amazon
I made a big mistake when I bought this
big adapter from Apple I really regret
it it was ridiculously expensive you can
get really cheap ones on Amazon so would
not recommend buying this it's just an
adapter and then I also always keep one
little aspirin in here um so this is
just you know in case I get a headache
I don't have headaches a lot but what I
do get them I think it's just super
annoying when you're in a lecture so I
have these dissolvable aspirin tablets
and for me they work I'm no medical
professional I have you know no idea and
I cannot give you any advice on anything
like that but I just don't get a
headache so I just take them dissolve
them in my water bottle and quickly
drink it I mean it tastes disgusting not
gonna lie umm but it just helps umm so
yeah you know for the once every two
months I have this aspirin tablet in
here just to be safe so I don't need to
worry about that so now let's take a
look at the inside of the backpack so
basically the rest of it
so I always have my water bottle with me
um because to stay hydrated and then I
also usually you have some notebooks
with me this backpack is a bit smaller
than my old backpack so I would say this
book fits pretty comfortably in it but
um probably just one other small book
and that's it um so it is a bit smaller
than my other one but honestly I think
that's good because I'm just kind of a
person that if you give me a big bag I
will bring like five of these books and
you know my back doesn't really say
thank you for that because it's really
bad for you so I think in a way it's
actually good because it is forcing me
to limit myself
to a few low books and not just bring my
entire library because it's not healthy
and then I also have my iPad in here
which really just fits the backpack like
it is the perfect size like you can see
like this is exactly the height of it um
so yeah I do have a massive case and I
do have the big iPad I believe this is
twelve point nine inches and and then I
have this like extra thing up here for
the pencil so I know it is pretty big so
yeah is it called the Apple pencil or
you have a pen I feel like it's the
Apple pen that's irrelevant anyway um so
I do have my Apple pen pencil in here
and then I have my iPad in there this is
I believe the 2017 ipad twelve point
nine inches it does have a home button
so it's one of the older ones but I
really really like it I find it really
useful for University and I take all of
my lecture notes on here but I always
say this I don't think an iPad is a
replacement for a laptop personally I
edit pictures and videos and things like
that not sure if my iPad will be up for
that I haven't tried it to be honest but
I have tried a little bit of photo
editing on it it was alright but yeah I
would always prefer using a laptop for
that so I do also have a laptop and I
also use that laptop just for writing
any reading notes and anything like that
so this one's in here and this is a
MacBook and it's just called a MacBook
not MacBook Air anything like that
I believe they stopped making these um
which i think is so sad because I love
this like for me this is the perfect
laptop for university it is relatively
small it's super thin so you know you
could just bring it with you anywhere
and the cool thing is they made these in
pink um and in case you couldn't tell um
Elena loves pink so you know it was just
the perfect laptop for me so I'm really
sad that he stopped making these but
yeah for me it's a good laptop for uni
so if you can get your hands on one I
would recommend it and yeah does pretty
much everything that's in here
and there are two side pockets in here
and I keep my umbrella in one of them
and then there's this pocket in the back
where I always keep my laptop now one
thing I dare say is I think it's a bit
sad that there is no you know zipper up
here and with like a separate little
compartment for a laptop or an iPad
because I think that's something that I
really appreciated about my other
backpack that you could just quickly
take those out because now in lectures I
just kind of always have to like you
know grab into the back and like pull it
out it's not a big deal and this is
really complaining at a very high level
because I mean this is a 35 pound
backpack and I think it's really amazing
um like I honestly would give this like
5 out of 5 so but that's what's the only
minor thing which I would say but I
would not I really really loved it and
yeah I mean the fact that it's
waterproof just that sold me on the
backpack completely and there is one
more little compartment here um it's
quite small I guess you could just you
know cook like your phone in there I
always have my phone just in my pocket
so it doesn't really matter I don't
really use this one but yeah just one
more compartment if you want it but yeah
that's everything that's in here on some
days I have some other things in here so
sometimes I do bring all of my
highlighter home which it's just like a
massive collection of highlighter I use
these when I bring my notes so when I
have to annotate things that I bring
highlighters just to make sure that I
can have anything important on my
reading notes I do this as a preparation
for supervision so sometimes you will
find that in my backpack as well and I
have all of them in this little pencil
case which was originally intended for
brushes from this small fee and Jeffrey
style collection would never come in the
brushes but I think the pencil case
looks pretty cool so yeah and that's
pretty much everything that's in my
backpack every once in a while there's
like a few snacks in there for longer
days those I just you know throw on top
of all the other things in here and
that's completely fine I really really
like this backpack so if you all look
for you know a new backpack for uni that
is affordable and actually amazing
quality which I really didn't expect so
thank you so much 17 London for sending
this to me you can find a link to it in
the info box below if you're interested
yeah thanks so much guys for sending me
a backpack when I actually really needed
one which one's really lucky for me so
yeah and if you guys would like to see
my old what's in my bag video with my
old backpack and two other bags because
I alternative between free which was a
bit much oh yeah if you guys are
interested in that one I'm gonna link it
in the description box below for you
guys and you can also click on an Indian
card thank you guys so much for watching
this video I hope you enjoyed it